Bastard, it turns out that you are behind the scenes
Madam, it was you who plotted against Mr. first
Mr. has given his children experience
I started to plot against him
Husband, our father, for so many years
When have I ever hurt you?
Not my husband, trust me.
How could I possibly harm you?
You're doing a great job at accounting
While asking for help, I don't want a divorce
While borrowing big brother Ye family to loosen
I want to finally sign the divorce.
Put all the blame on me
Bad husband, trust me.
I love Chen Zhen so much, come back to me, right?
Do you think I will believe you?
You guys drag him down for me
Sarin you bastard
Your concubine dare not
I made your whole family feel wronged
Linlin
Start today.
You are the mistress of this family
We'll have a great start
After my parents died
My future is only revenge